I - INSTRUCTION
I want to create a simple HTML page that can be used as a User Story Review Agent.
The page should connect directly to my Langflow API and allow users to submit a Jira User Story for review.
The userstory list for selection should be fetched from the linked jira account
Please generate a complete HTML page with CSS and JavaScript included in the same file.
Do not use the Langflow Embedded Chat component.
Create a custom chat interface that communicates directly with the Langflow API.
use the langflow API key and URL data from the userstory review Agent json


C - CONTEXT
I am not building a full application.
I only need a standalone HTML page that can be opened in a browser.
This page will be used by Business Analysts, Product Owners, QA Engineers, and Developers to review Jira User Stories before they are sent for development.
I already have a Langflow flow running locally.
The HTML page should send the user story to the Langflow API and display the review results inside the chat window.
Example API:
import requests
import uuid

api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY"

url = "http://localhost:7860/api/v1/run/d7878473-4617-4c3d-87f8-ca134c160907"

payload = {
    "output_type": "text",
    "input_type": "text",
    "input_value": "hello world!",
}

headers = {
    "x-api-key": api_key
}
The page should use JavaScript fetch() to call this API.

E - EXPECTATIONS
I would like the page to have a professional and easy-to-use design.
The chat interface should appear on the top-right side of the page.
Users should be able to:
Open the review agent
Close the review agent
Submit a user story
View review results
Copy review results
Clear chat history
The page should automatically generate a session ID when loaded.
When the AI is reviewing a user story, show a loading message and spinner.
Display proper error messages if the API is unavailable or returns an invalid response.
Add a "How to Use" section explaining how a user can paste a Jira User Story and get a review.
Add a "Sample Fund Transfer User Story" section with:
As a customer,
I want to transfer funds between my accounts,
So that I can manage my finances without visiting a branch.
Acceptance Criteria:
User can select source account
User can select destination account
User can enter transfer amount
Amount must be greater than zero
Confirmation message should be displayed
Transaction should be saved successfully
Provide buttons to:
Copy Sample User Story
Paste Sample User Story into Chat
Every AI response should have a Copy button.
Include a Clear Chat button.
Use modern styling with cards, shadows, rounded corners, and responsive design.

P - PERSONA
Act as a Senior Frontend Engineer who has experience building enterprise AI chat interfaces and integrating Langflow APIs.
Design the page so that even non-technical business users can easily use it.

O - OUTPUT
Generate:
Complete HTML
Inline CSS
Inline JavaScript
Production-ready code
Fully working Langflow API integration
Do not provide explanations.
Generate only the final HTML code.

T - TONE
Professional
Clean
Modern
Enterprise-friendly
Easy to understand
Suitable for Business Analysts and QA Teams reviewing Jira User Stories.

https://allurisindhu503.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search/jql